[Music]
quick personality test what type of girl
are you ladies we're jumping right in
answer these ten simple questions to
find out more about your personality
you'll see how many points each answer
is worth after every question so grab a
calculator and let's do this once what's
your ideal hangout spot 8 the mall with
all my gal pals be a coffee shop where
the greatest ideas are born see events
venues where I can make new friends d my
house is my fortress if you've made your
choice then calculate your points eight
ten points B 20 points C forty points D
30 points to pick your favorite outfit a
jeans and sneakers all the way I dress
to go places not to impress B I you
never leave the house without high heels
in a crisp suit on C hippie chick the
more flowers the better D I always add
one fun accent to spice up a plane
outfit
go on now collect your points a 30
points be 40 points C 10 points D 20
points 3 click the best birthday present
you could get a knowledge is truly the
greatest gift a gift card to a bookstore
or access to an online course would put
a smile on my face be anything wrapped
in gift paper with lots of love to top
it off see a trip to socotra or anywhere
no one else has been D I ask my friends
to donate to charity instead of buying
me anything giving is better than
receiving add the following points to
your tally a 40 points B 10 points C 20
points D 30 points for which cause would
you most likely support a save the
environment be freedom of expression in
the arts these gender equality in the
job market D I try to steer clear from
all this activism stuff
[Music]
skort I'm a 30 points be 20 points see
40 points D 10 points 5 how do you
handle conflicts 8 I avoid them at all
costs even if it means taking the blame
B there's nothing that a constructive
discussion can't resolve see I don't let
other people's negativity get to me Dean
meditation helps a lot keep count of all
your points add the following based on
your choice a 10 points B 40 points C 30
points D 20 points 6 which of the
following do you fear most of all a lack
of inspiration be job insecurity C
losing all my friends d global warming
[Music]
here's how much each answer is worth a
20 points B 40 points C 10 points D 30
points
[Music]
seven what are your reading preferences
hey I only have time to read the news
especially if it concerns business be
travel literature it's where I get my
inspiration from see I flip through
magazines while getting my hair done
d nothing can beat the classics tough
choice huh when you've decided add the
following to your tally eight forty
points B 20 points C ten points d 30
points if you could choose one
superpower what would it be
ace healing people be understanding
animals see speeding up and slowing down
time whenever I need D flying of course
[Music]
okay this is such a hard decision
good luck here are your points a ten
points B 20 points C 40 points D 30
points 9 which bumper sticker speaks to
you on a personal level
hey if you ain't first you're last B be
the change you wish to see in the world
see imagine all the people living life
in peace
d what's a bumper sticker
express yourself with the help of your
car and grab some points to a 40 points
B 30 points C 10 points D 20 points 10
you did such a great job answering all
those difficult questions I'd like to
reward you with a flower which one would
you like hey a daisy be a red rose C an
orchid deep cut tulips let's add some
final points to your score a 30 points B
40 points C 20 points D 10 points all
right now it's time for some serious
math add up all your points and get
ready to find out what type of girl you
are if you got 100 to 170 points you are
a dreamer loving caring romantic and
sweet this is what you're known for you
care about what others think and always
try to look your best you hate conflict
and avoid it like the plague but others
might not know about is that you always
fight for what you love and do
everything within your power to protect
your dear ones if your final score is
between 180 and 250 you are one of a
kind are you even from this planet you
probably get this question a lot
actually a free spirit in artistic minds
you're truly special and always leave an
impression on people you like trying new
things and are never afraid to
experiment
world-changers for from 260 to 320
points on this test you're trying to
make this world a better place
so thank you for that you have your
vision of what's right and wrong you're
brave opinionated and passionate about
what you do you have a lot of friends
and you always have fun stories to share
about your adventures
finally girls with 330 to 400 points can
proudly call themselves type-a you are
energetic and driven you strive for
perfection in everything you do you only
want the best in life and you get it
because you work hard and believe in
what you do but you know it's okay just
sometimes give yourself a little break
on your way to success you deserve it
was the personality description you got
accurate let us know in the comments
send this video to all your friends so
that they can take the test too
if you like this video hit the thumbs up
subscribe to our channel if you haven't
done so yet stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you